      With the drastic development of society, an increasing number of jobs need us to regard the community service as part of school curriculum. Some people believe that we should not involve the community service in school curriculum; while others hold a completely different opinion. Personally, I strongly agree with the former, because of the assistance to capture a better work opportunity and the chance to cultivate outstanding characters.
       A period of favorable practice is upon us. As we all know, when we are stepping into society, we will face numerous fences from all directions, and it is extremely hard to attain a job position. Occasionally, we will have to compete an occupation with thousands of opponents, so in this time, the community service’s experiences will be in favour of us a lot, being consider as a man who can competence this post perfectly and enhance our chance to acquire this job. In short, undergoing community services will contribute to grasp an enjoyable job.
       Besides, by going through the time of practices, we will manage to foster some stunning characters. Indeed, if a person without possess any community service’s experiences that he will not master the principle of helping others. However, after we touch community services we will harvest the entertainment from them and own a loving heart. For instance, we can assist the cleaner to sweep the streets or cook a d for the isolated old man. To be brief, we are able to reap a worm and willing heart.
  
      To sum up, although non perform the community service can save countless time, having it can help us to enlarge our opportunity to work and train us with superior characters. Now, it’s the appropriate time for us to devote ourselves to this movement.     
